well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk a
little about staycation again style
it appears the powers-that-be have
decided or are leaning towards just
sending everybody on a 15 21 or 30 day
staycation to try to ride this out
getting a lot of questions about it I
will tell you that tomorrow we're gonna
do a live stream hopefully to one
earlier in the day and one later at
night and I will answer all your
questions about survival staycation in
general and community networking I don't
know what time yet so I'm going to say
something I've never said on this
channel subscribe ring the bell get the
notifications I will try to give you a
heads up via social media as soon as I
know what time it's gonna be okay so to
the questions that I've already gotten
how do you plan 30 days worth of food
physically plan it out lay it out know
what you're going to eat each day and
then stick to that plan when you start
eating eat the perishable stuff first
seems like it should go without saying
hide your junk food you know that's
going to be comfort food so don't tear
through it all the first week alright
toilet paper those people who are
suffering from the great toilet paper
shortage of 2020 yeah you can use
napkins or baby wipes or paper towels or
whatever but you can't flush it it'll
tear up your plumbing so fill it up in a
grocery bag or have a bucket with a
liner in it that closes because it's
going to smell had a question from
somebody who's talking about having
people shower before they come into
their home you can set up a solar shower
so you have hot ish water warm water
outside if you don't have one you can
make one out of a black trash bag the
black will absorb the heat this is
obviously on going to work down here and
the south where it's warm those of you
still where it's freezing not gonna be
able to pull that off as far as meds
that you need Tylenol acetaminophen to
manage the fever and then your favorite
cold medicine
activities during those 30 days one stay
physically active this is a good time to
do that honey do list that list of stuff
you have around the house that you need
to get done perfect opportunity to do it
you need to stay physically active
because it will keep your immunities up
on that note unless you are completely
isolated and there is nothing new coming
into the environment that you're staying
in don't drink it lowers your immune
system it suppresses your immune system
so no alcohol okay so you can also work
on your resume business plan whatever
because after crisis there is
opportunity aside from that you can also
work on developing a plan for your
community network so next time something
like this happens it won't be quite as
scary anyway I won't answer any other
questions that you guys have I'm gonna
try to do it a couple hours in the
morning and a couple hours at night well
not really morning midday I will let you
know as soon as I have the times anyway
we will get through this
stay calm it'll be alright it's just a
thought y'all have a good night